# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

Answer1.
Within the console.rb file.


Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

Answer2.
We are defining it at the properties.sql
file.


Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

Answer3.
Those lines that have a method.


Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

Answer4.
Because it is automatically generated by the database.


Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

Answer5.
Within the properties.sql when


Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

Answer6.
To assign an id if it has an id data type


Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Answer7.
Instance methods are utilised to reach single elements from the database while class methods apply for all the elements in the database at once.


Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

Answer8.
A - An results_array
B - By its Key 0


Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

Answer9.
This way we can keep track of what changes/additions/deletions/... has been done on the database.


## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Answer10.
find_by_id = an id (integer)
find_by_address = a value (string)


Q11. What are their return values?

Answer11.
An array
